I think the first thing we do is introduce ourselves. and everybody's name and what your function is?
Yeah, my name is Francina. And I'm an user interface
And I'm a marketing person. My name is Eileen.
Yeah. I'm Jeanne-Oui. my role is industrial designer
And as you already know I am Betty. I am the project manager for today. This thing we are gonna design is a new remote control. should be original, trendy, and, of course, user friendly. Here is what the functional design is supposed to achieve. That is it's gonna be individual work and then at the meeting we'll discuss what we have come up with. The same goes for the conceptual design,. Detailed design, same thing basically. Then, tool training try out the white board,. participant can draw their favourite animal. You wanna go Eileen and. And remember you have to press so it works. Here's the project finance. selling price is supposed to be twenty five Euro. profit aim for the company is fifty million Euro,. the market range unlimited meaning international. and the production cost should not exceed hopefully should be less than twelve fifty Euro. now having used a remote control for years does anybody already have like an idea like things you didn't like with it, things you would like to change, things you would like to improve with this thing
Yes, I I feel that all the remote should be very compact. And and it should have multi-purpose. Like the remote control which we use for TV, it shou it should be used for some other purpose also, like controlling the temperature inside the house or for air-conditioners, or for heating system.
At twelve fifty Euros per. Well who knows if we get a really good designer maybe we can do that.
It should be something new it should be it it should do something different than than just what we have.
Yeah, design should be, yeah it should be different.
Maybe it should different colours or materials or you know.
I think another thing that would help is if it beeps when you clap,
Well or yeah or if it's really, if it's really in a dark spot that it gives out a a sound or a signal.
Maybe it should have a light so that we can, we can just recognise where it is.
And I I think voice or clapping it's not specific enough. The industrial designer That's you.
Working design, yeah, it's it's mainly technical-functional design.
So so you are the working design. So you have a working design and then a functional design. And the marketing manager is coming up with some user requirement specification,. like friendliness, and what we just discussed in general. I think basically basically you will get instructions to work with. Then we see you in about thirty minutes.